Oh, really?
young man
Although the old woman went deep and said
But not everyone can impersonate
Hey old man
You say you are too old to stay at home
Run out and pretend to be someone else
You really can't tell your own identity?
There is a saying that disaster comes from the mouth
I see you are not very involved in the world
I don't want to know you in general
As long as you make amends and apologize
This thing can't be passed
But as soon as I speak
There must be people
Will solve your trouble for me
Are you Mr. Yun Mo?
Don't worry, this old man is a liar
See how I can expose him?
Hmm old man
You said you were Mr. Yunmo
Is there any evidence?
It seems so.
Now your identity is more susceptible to suspicion
What evidence do you have to prove your identity?
President Liu
Since you can sit in this position today
You must recognize Mr. Yunmo's seal, right?
Of course I do.
The patient was fortunate to receive Mr. Yun Mo's ink treasure
Although accidentally damaged
But at least I know
It was a routine last time
Xiao Liuzi, you didn't even tell your father
Well done.
You said so much
Doesn't prove anything
How do you explain your own identity?
Don't worry, I'm looking for it
Hey, do you recognize this seal?